Wow!
That looks like me.
I have a question.
What is it, my dear?
How do you get baptized?
That’s a good question . . .
. . . and an important one.
Mom looks so young in this picture!
Hey!
Yes, you can be young like your mother.
What matters is that you love Jehovah
and want to follow Jesus’ teachings closely.
You can show that you want to get baptized
by what you do,
like obeying your parents.
Learn about Jehovah by reading the Bible.
That will help you obey Jehovah
and avoid things that Jehovah hates.
Then you’ll want to share your faith
with others . . .
. . . especially in the ministry.
And at the meetings,
make friends with others who love Jehovah.
And, most important, tell Jehovah in prayer
that you want to serve him forever.
That’s why we get baptized in public.
It shows others
that we’ve dedicated our lives to Jehovah.
That’s so cool.
Would you like to get baptized one day?
Mm-hmm!
Why don’t you learn a little more
about the steps for baptism
and share it with us at family worship?
OK!